you tube her mariachis full of chips
jazz medium
at 39 years the stress
so here is today this
little review he will be the elite
I know the first French proof
in the name of having done that is that
to have pushed is video in
first so here's gold we have this nerve part
a tactical wave here invites to click
there we find to put a thong
here and here
the little button for him but to shoot
the case here is a mail loader here
load of six truss bullets deliver
finally and the little button that is actually
a hold he is open on alexi bales
bullets and fast because it comes
quick
I said the train knew I
first world here is then it's a yesterday
an added ball one is at the end of
truck cross the batteries semetis he in
need four yes I had a lot of countries
distinct m a very precise little sea
it's really leaving me she is
really very very accurate and you
show my passion
the test times really happy to have
signed that's it when I always shoot on
the same maple leaf for me and that
kept me one of the leaders it's the nerve
semi automatic the mule pirate but
So here we are not told light strike
comings and goings to themes